GOAT is a bad choice for simple diagrams (#34)
ietf/authors.ietf.org: diagrams.md

Dia draws line-end arrowheads as filled polygons, and it doesn't use markers.

## aasvg
## {.tabset}
### Details
[aasvg](https://github.com/martinthomson/aasvg) takes ASCII diagrams and converts them into SVG.  This has the advantage of ensuring that the text version of the RFC presents very similar diagrams to HTML and PDF formats.

> This tool is a replacement for [goat](https://github.com/blampe/goat), which scrambles the placement of text in diagrams.

Author: Jean's comment as a suggestion:

```suggestion
This tool is inspired by [goat](https://github.com/blampe/goat) and uses a modified version of the original [markdeep](https://casual-effects.com/markdeep/) code.
```
